where the final equality holds by condition.he above theorem shows an inherent
limitation of schemes that achieve perfect secrecy. Even so, individuals occasionally claim they have developed a radically new encryption scheme that and achieves the security of the one-time pad without using
keys as long as what is being encrypted. The above proof demonstrates that
such claims cannot be true; anyone making such claims either knows very
little about cryptography or is blatantly lying.We ended the previous section by noting some drawbacks of the one-time
pad encryption scheme. Here, we show that these drawbacks are not specific
to that scheme, but are instead inherent limitations of perfect secrecy. Specifically, we prove that any perfectly secret encryption scheme must have a key
space that is at least as large as the message space. If all keys are the same
length, and the message space consists of all strings of some fixed length, this
implies that the key is at least as long as the message. In particular, the key
length of the one-time pad is optimal.Vernam patented a perfectly secret encryption scheme now called
the one-time pad. At the time Vernam proposed the scheme, there was no
proof that it was perfectly secret; in fact, there was not yet a notion of what
perfect secrecy was. however, Shannon introduced the definition of perfect secrecy and demonstrated that the one-time
pad achieves that level of security.and thus learn the exclusive-or of the two messages or, equivalently, exactly
where the two messages differ. While this may not seem very significant, it is
enough to rule out any claims of perfect secrecy for encrypting two messages
using the same key. Moreover, if the messages correspond to natural-language
text, then given the exclusive-or of two sufficiently long messages it is possible
to perform frequency analysis The intuition behind the proof is as follows. To see that the
stated conditions imply perfect secrecy, note that condition means that
any ciphertext c could be the result of encrypting any possible plaintext m,
because there is some key k mapping m to c. Since there is a unique such key,
and each key is chosen with equal probability, perfect secrecy follows as for
the one-time pad. For the other direction, perfect secrecy immediately implies
that for every m and c there is at least one key mapping m to c. In the previous chapter we saw some fundamental limitations of perfect secrecy. In this chapter we begin our study of modern cryptography by introducing the weaker notion of computational secrecy. We will
then show how this definition can be used to bypass the impossibility results
shown previously and, in particular, how a short key  can
be used to encrypt many long messages.
Along the way we will study the fundamental notion of pseudorandomness,
which captures the idea that something can “look” completely random even
though it is not. This powerful concept underlies much of modern cryptography, and has applications and implications beyond the field as well.
